His internal organs have been injured by me
There's no cure.
If you don't have to worry
I'll take you to see him in a minute
Impossible good
It can't be good.
Your martial arts have been soaked
You can't let my son
You are lying to me.
King Kong Glaring
Bodhisattva low eyebrows
Getting rid of demons is also doing good
You are not easy
If you don't receive it, I will collect it.
Only kill you all
Only the Chen family can steal it
pain
It hurts! It hurts!
What's wrong with you?
It hurts
You what you
Hahahaha
Wei Weiyan, I will fight with you
The Chen men knelt down together
No one is a man
If it weren't for Chen Guowu today
I will definitely kill all your families
Not a single one
Situ family, you are unknown like a tiger
In my opinion, it's just a local chicken and a dog
Even if they don't come to me
I will also go to them.
Settlement of blood feuds
Master, I will go too
Whose house are you staying with?
Aesthetic Aunt Mei
You really went to war with the Situ family
Parents feud
The Situ family has done a lot of evil
We can't let them keep the poison
What are you going to do?
Killing the Situ family head is easy for you anyway